cent cent
antoine antoine
antoine 123456
next next
gorge gorge
svnuser svnuser
svnuser 123456
crack crack
builder builder
minecraft minecraft
games games
samp samp
prueba2 prueba2
butter butter
butter 123456
rosa rosa
hikari hikari
kura kura
az az
az 123456
grid grid
aboss aboss
kuhis kuhis
zyg zyg
info info
html html
http http
informix informix
orange orange
alexis alex
www-data www-data
adrien adrien
arnaud arnaud
matthieu matthieu
torrent torrent
alain alain
joe joe 
camille camille
ftp2 ftp2
events events
shop shop
hostmaster hostmaster
hostmaster hostmaster123
contact hostmaster
contact contact
postmaster postmaster
davids davids
prueba prueba
samp 123456
fred fred
donald donald
police police
billing billing
isaac isaac
shirley shirley
scanner scanner
fax fax
fax password
victor victor
claudia claudia
vendas vendas
arnold arnold
erika erika
super super
marco marco
james james
professor professor
agenda agenda
atendimento atendimento
fax fax123
web web
simon simon
michelle michelle
internet internet
oscar oscar
reception reception
sync sync
visitor visitor
zero zero
zero 123456
william william
winston winston
wwwadmin wwwadmin
tomcat tomcat
data 123456
boris boris
andy andy
root root
root 1
root 12
root 123
root 1234
root 123456
root root123
root root1234
root 123qwe
root 1qaz@wsx
root 1qazxsw2
root abc
root abcd
root abcd1234
root passw0rd
root redhat
root passpass
root 123qaz
root qazwsx
root qaz@WSX
root !qaz@wsx 
root P@ssw0rd1
root P@ssw0rd
root 1q2w3e
root qwerty
root 1qaz2wsx
root !QAZ@WSX
exploit exploit
parrot parrot
kubernetes kubernetes
kubernetes 123456
kubernetes kubernetes123
confluence confluence
confluence confluence123
confluence 123456
beam beam
webdeveloper webdeveloper
martin martin
cloudroute cloudroute
mcserver mcserver
rustserver rustserver
system system
system 123456
agent agent
pierre pierre
admin admin
admin 123456
mau mau
bob bob
jenkins jenkins
jenkins 123456
wilder wilder
luis luis
pastor pastor
madre madre
beto beto
checha checha
david david
jeison jeison
javier javier
karito karito
julio julio
johan johan
ramon ramon
nino nino
ivan ivan
javi javi
clara clara
karla karla
pireys pireys
linda linda
edwin edwin
jhon jhon
bladimir bladimir
carlos carlos
dony dony
garizao garizao
numar numar
oladys oladys
codazzi codazzi
darwin darwin
andres andres
ismael ismael
sandero sandero
jorgetaxy jorgetaxy
saballet saballet
jaider jaider
tovar tovar
cristian cristian
anna anna
walter walter
alberto alberto
jurlenis jurlenis
osneider osneider
leonardo leonardo
erik erik
laura laura
samuel samuel
brd brd
bcr bcr
btc btc
xmr xmr
xdn xdn
bitcoin bitcoin
miner miner
rig rig
gustavo gustavo
nicolas nicolas
yacke yacke
ever  ever
belgica belgica
jaimito jaimito
giovanni giovanni
efrain efrain
simey simey
brian brian
armando armando
garuru garuru
amilkar amilkar
falabella falabella
lenin lenin
grismaldo grismaldo
camilo camilo
jhonatan jhonatan
marlonlobo marlonlobo
ovidio ovidio
jairito jairito
tomas tomas
josetomas josetomas
jacke jacke
mario mario
tocayo tocayo
dina dina
soto soto
edinson edinson
hernando hernando
jhonjairo jhonjairo
luis2 luis2
lina lina
elizabeth elizabeth
eduardo2 eduardo2
rosalva rosalva
yuleima yuleima
carol carol
eduar eduar
ivancho ivancho
jorge jorge
ariza ariza
fede fede
elcabo elcabo
alberto2 alberto2
jorgito jorgito
necho necho
piscioty piscioty
roger roger
mona mona
ahmed ahmed
francisco francisco
cantillo cantillo
rosalba rosalba
tereluz tereluz
cipriano cipriano
angel angel
fredy fredy
edinzon edinzon
lamama lamama
cipriano2 cipriano2
mayerlys mayerlys
miguelt miguelt
jose jose
alejandro alejandro
frida frida
ali ali
calibella calibella
enrique enrique
edin edin
mosquera mosquera
deyvys deyvys
maribel maribel
pirreys pirreys
joel joel
jony jony
piter piter
juan juan
lobo lobo
leguizamon leguizamon
world world
work work
work1 work1
worker worker
web1 web1
zookeeper zookeeper
ambari-qa ambari-qa
hdfs hdfs
hbase hbase
yarn yarn
mapred mapred
palo palo
elasticsearch elasticsearch
ifop ifop
portal portal
public public
iecweb iecweb
pays pays
vpnuser vpnuser
ddattee ddattee
anturis anturis
bingo bingo
lei lei
panshan panshan
fengzf fengzf
myuser myuser
cwp cwp
yhz yhz
linsoft linsoft
vnc vnc123
raphael raphael
dummy dummy
cleo cleo
asterisk asterisk
ansible ansible
milky milky
accounting accounting
berry berry
wiki wiki
galaxy galaxy
apple apple
shengchan shengchan
huidu huidu
mac mac
maya maya
andoria andoria
gmodserver gmodserver
steam steam
damien damien
gamefiles gamefiles
centos centos
frappe frappe
store store
csserver csserver
musicbot musicbot
musikbot musikbot
debian debian
jhonny jhonny
sinus sinus
sinusbot sinusbot
vbox vbox
vbox 1234
vbox 123456
service service
user 1
user 1234
user user
user 123456
user 12345678
ts3 123
ts3 1234
ts2bot 1234
ts3bot 123456
bot bot
bot 1
bot 12
bot 123
bot 123456
sonar sonar
sonar sonar123
sonar 123456
laravel laravel
laravel 123456
storm storm
storm 123456
test test
test 1
test 12
test 123
test 1234
test 12345
test 123456
test 1234567
test 12345678
test 123456789
test 1234567890
test 0123456789
test1 test1
test2 test2
test3 test3
test4 test4
test5 test5
tester tester
ubuntu ubuntu
ubuntu password
ubuntu 1
ubuntu 12
ubuntu 123
ubuntu 1234
ubuntu 12345
ubuntu 123456
ubuntu 1234567
ubuntu 12345678
ubuntu 123456789
ubuntu 1234567890
ubuntu 0123456789
ubuntu P@ssw0rd
es es
git git
hadoop hadoop
postgres postgres
mysql mysql
apache apache
mongo mongo
mongodb mongodb
dev dev
js js
developer developer
weblogic weblogic
concat concat
node node
reduce reduce
hive hive
cassandra cassandra
doker doker
redis redis
eclipse eclipse
hibernate hibernate
oracle oracle
kibana kibana
logstah logstah
lucene lucene
es-hadoop es-hadoop
rabbit rabbit
rabbitmq rabbitmq
ec2 ec2
vagrant vagrant
sql sql
sqlsync sqlsync
applmgr applmgr
joomla joomla
workpress workpress
wordpress wordpress
webapp webapp
web2 web2
webadm webadm
nodejs nodejs
phpmyadmin phpmyadmin
php php
demo demo
deployer deployer
deploy deploy
nagios nagios
ftp ftp
sftp sftp
uftp uftp
ftp1 ftp1
syftp syftp
ftpuser ftpuser
userftp userftp
ftptest ftptest
testftp testftp
ftpadmin ftpadmin
webmaster webmaster
maven maven
ase ase
gradle gradle
ant ant
junit junit
jira jira
java java
subversion subversion
wildfly wildfly
log log
log4j log4j
batis batis
ibatis ibatis
struts1 struts1
struts2 struts2
nginx nginx
vnc vnc
spring spring
solr solr
jquery jquery
sqoop sqoop
elastic elastic
search search
pig pig
angular angular
spark spark
user0 user0
user1 user1
user2 user2
user3 user3
ts ts3
ts3 ts
ts ts
ts3 ts3
ts3bot ts3bot
teamspeak teamspeak
teamspeak3 teamspeak3
ts3server ts3server
mc mc
cs cs
csgo csgo
csgoserver csgoserver
aaron aaron
abel abel
adam adam
adela adela
adi adi
adidas adidas
amane amane
adine adine
adriana adriana
adrian adrian
alan alan
albert albert
alex alex
alex 123456
alexis alexis
alfred alfred
alice alice
allan allan
allison allison
amanda amanda
amavisd amavisd
andi andi
andrea andrea
andre andre
andrew andrew
angela angela
angie angie
anita anita
anne anne
anton anton
antonio antonio
anukis anukis
aron aron
arthur arthur
austin austin
atan atan
barbara barbara
bart bart
ben ben
beny beny
bert bert
bia bia
big big
bill bill
billy billy
bind bind
black black
bobby bobby
bret bret
brett brett
bruce bruce
bugzilla bugzilla
carl carl
carla carla
caddy caddy
cesar cesar
chad chad
charles charles
chris chris
chouji chouji
chrony chrony
clark clark
clinton clinton
corinna corinna
craig craig
damian damian
dan dan
daniel daniel
danny danny
dark dark
dave dave
dexter dexter
diana diana
dick dick
django django
doris doris
doug doug
earl earl
eddie eddie
ed ed
edgar edgar
ellen ellen
emil emil
enzo enzo
fabien fabien
felix felix
fery fery
francis francis
gary gary
harry harry
henry henry
lynda lynda
ian ian
ismail ismail
jack jack
jaxson jaxson
jean jean
jeff jeff
jeremiah jeremiah
jesse jesse
jessie jessie
jatten jatten
jetty jetty
jim jim
jimmy jimmy
joe joe
john john
jonah jonah
julian julian
juliana juliana
julie julie
rebecca rebecca
shane shane
jay jay
karl karl
kafka kafka
kang kang
keith keith
ken ken
keiv keiv
kirk kirk
laraht laraht
kimi kimi
kuat kuat
larry larry
lee lee
laurent laurent
lisa lisa
maggie maggie
magic magic
mail mail
maria maria
marry marry
mashby mashby
mary mary
mark mark
marketto marketoo
calzado calzado
cele cele
marvin marvin
matt matt
mosquitto mosquitto
pat pat
oleta oleta
monica monica
natalia natalia
nathan nathan
nicole nicole
odoo odoo
paul paul
pete pete
peter peter
philip philip
phil phil
phoenix phoenix
rachel rachel
puebra puebra
piper piper
denny denny
yatri yatri
db_shv db_shv
jiayuanyang jiayuanyang
ari ari
rafli rafli
ralph ralph
remy remy
robyn robyn
rob rob
resin resin
rian rian
richard richard
robi robi
roland roland
ronald ronald
sales sales
sam sam
sam 123456
samba samba
samir samir
sammy sammy
scarab scarab
sean sean
shaun shaun
sole sole
sol sol
sonny sonny
stan stan
steven steven
steve steve
sven sven
sya sya
tanja tanja
thomas thomas
tim tim
tom tom
den den
fatimac fatimac
freyna freyna
jhesrhel jhesrhel
jocelyn jocelyn
todd todd
todds todds
travis travis
weldon weldon
ronjones ronjones
kongxx kongxx
tony tony
taysa taysa
tyrel tyrel
vanessa vanessa
vyatta vyatta
toor 123456
hadoop 1
hadoop 12
hadoop 123
hadoop 1234
hadoop 12345
hadoop 123456
hadoop 1234567
hadoop 12345678
hadoop 123456789
hadoop password
es 1
es 12
es 123
es 1234
es 12345
es 123456
es 1234567
es 123456789
postgres 1
postgres 12
postgres 123
postgres 1234
postgres 12345
postgres 123456
postgres 1234567
postgres 12345678
postgres 123456789
postgres password
postgres 111111 
oracle 1
oracle 12
oracle 123
oracle 1234
oracle 12345
oracle 123456
oracle 1234567
oracle 12345678
oracle 123456789
oracle password
nagios 1
nagios 12
nagios 123
nagios 1234
nagios 12345
nagios 123456
nagios 1234567
nagios 12345678
nagios 123456789
nagios password
git 1
git 12
git 123
git 1234
git 12345
git 123456
git 1234567
git 12345678
git 123456789
git password
ubuntu root
jenkins 1
jenkins 12
jenkins 123
jenkins 1234
jenkins 12345
jenkins 1234567
jenkins 12345678
jenkins 123456789
jenkins password
ftpuser 1
ftpuser 12
ftpuser 123
ftpuser 1234
ftpuser 12345
ftpuser 123456
ftpuser 1234567
ftpuser 12345678
ftpuser 123456789
ftpuser password
user 12
user 123
user 12345
user 1234567
user 123456789
user password
mongo 1
mongo 12
mongo 123
mongo 1234
mongo 12345
mongo 123456
mongo 1234567
mongo 12345678
mongo 123456789
mongo password
tomcat 1
tomcat 12
tomcat 123
tomcat 1234
tomcat 12345
tomcat 123456
tomcat 1234567
tomcat 12345678
tomcat 123456789
tomcat password
web 123456
abc 123456
abc abc
a a
b b
doker 123456
spark 123456
work 123456
uftp 123456
www 123456
ts3 123456
mysql 123456
django 123456
vnc 123456
elastic 123456
vagrant 123456
redhat 123456
dave 123456
dev 123456
developer 123456
tom 123456
vps 123456
deploy 123456
rabbitmq 123456
search 123456
zabbix 123456
chef 123456
nodes 123456
solr 123456
db2inst 123456
db2fenc 123456
kafka 123456
nexus nexus
nginx 123456
mongodb 123456
weblogic 123456
applmgr 123456
teamspeak 123456
sinusbot 123456